In order to implement a single page application we need
to change the routing mechanism in our application
which usually handled in the server
now it'll handled by the client completely. In our server we
should only provide a single page for any request.
Then in the client we'll need to define the routes.
We can do that by mapping a URI path with a certain component.
So in this video we're gonna change the Laravel web route
behaviour in our application to always load only a single
page for any request comes in.
So let's go ahead and open up our terminal and here
let's create new branch.
All right
let's pull open web dot php
at the very top let's define a new route
so this way will make any web route that
we make to always return spa view.
Here we constrained the format of our route
parameter using the `where` method.
We passed the route parameter in the first argument and
regular expression in the second argument contained
period an asterisk meaning zero or more of any character.
Now we don't have the spa view just yet.
So let's create that one.
Actually we have welcome blade php which currently is not used.
So let's simply rename this file
to spa
Now if I save this change then visit the page
here I'll get the default laravel welcome page if we tried to enter questions.
We still get the same page even if we try something else
we'll still get the same page.
All right back to our editor.
And now instead of showing the default laravel welcome
page let's show the proper page and in order to
do that let's pull open app blade php
let's copy everything in here. Open spa blade php
select everything and paste the code that we grabbed
from our layout
let's get rid of this yield and add a message for a while
now refresh the page
now our application's layout back but we
only have a message show up here.
All right
I think that's all we need in our backend
server. Now let's working on the frontend.